okay everybody out there should do duck
once again just those mixtape Awards I'm
here with the most most creative DJ in a
long time you know I'm saying my man DJ
Blatt you know I'm saying you look Evan
put together some of them hot Big E and
POC midsection might have been hearing
around the whole world its international
what's good man everything good man you
know we got the plaque last year you
know the mixtape of the Year award you
know breaking my wall look real nice
right now shout out to my man justo
doing it year after year after year
after year
so what is something like the mixtape
awards means to you as a DJ cuz you know
you wanna undergrad you grind it hard
sometimes people don't appreciate the
DJ's something like justice event what
does it do for you I'm gonna tell you
like my greatest hip-hop moment ever was
that you know when I first moved to New
York about two and a half years ago you
know and I was just out there in the
streets grinding you know my backpack
slinging takes to the streets because I
remember just so had that had that joint
in the Manhattan Center and I'm sitting
there you know with the nominees like
Redman is over here kid Capri is over
here you know Flex is over here and it's
like you know I'm sitting there going
like yo I'm no longer a hip-hop fan I'm
actually contributing to the movement
and that right there what was the
greatest thrill of all time
okay DJ black can we expect any um up
chemical with collaborations as far as
mixtapes you know you got some heating
back but yo yo rap phenomenon three is
coming real heavy
we green Oh DJ flag green land and Dirty
Harry we keep the team the same you know
and then the DVD joints are coming real
heavy right now you know I mean like the
new hot air part six we got DVD preview
for scenes over the DVD dropped on your
TV we talked we going backstage on porn
sets you know it we're going to Brazil
awhile it out we're going to Amsterdam
awhile and out like you know we're doing
it real real just grimy up in here man
that's what it is
no barcode shit if it miss DJ flat yeah
I'll check for that rap phenomenon three
you know I'm saying that's gonna be real
big in the streets shit dude uh just
goes and your mixtape war tonight
perdition you shout out to just oh man
shout out to just so cuz that's the cab
when I first moved moved here you took
me riding his fan and show me the spots
back when no one had any idea who I was
man shout-out to just owe a lot of love
right there alright that's what it is yo
you know how that job
you